---
series: setup
articleType: note
showTime: false
showOutdatedWarning: false
created: 2023-10-11
updated: 2023-10-20
tags:
  - Install
---

# Setup and install
*How can we use this nuxt layer as a template and create our own app and publish it on Google App Store? I will tell you everything you need to know, as to a child that never have writed any code in your life.*

## Setup
If you are a open-cource-developer, you have probably downloaded ant installed some repos from GitHub or GitLab.

This step is for they who isn't there yet, they who need someone to show them the way.

### Install Node
It is requried to install a develper environment on the local mashine. We need the most basic envirnoment, `node`.[^1]

Download and follow the instruction on the homepage to [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download){:target="_blank"}.

### CMD - VS Code
Now you are ready to open up the CMD. (Everything that happens in `node` happends in CMD.)

If you don't know how to use CMD,you should install `Visual Studio Code`. Its necessary to have when we will edit or write code and content (later in this tutorial).
- Visual Studio Code have a window that is called `Terminal`. In this window we can write node-commands and see everything that happens in `node`. Another window showing directories and another showing content of readable files.

Download Visual Studio Code [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/){:target="_blank"}

NB! Both `node` and `Visual Studio Code` is totally free, and the tools that are most used by programmers.

Now we are ready to go on to the install-fase:

## Install
_For beginners_
To install you can open up the VS Code and select `Open Folder` in the `File`, and in this window you can select the folder you want to be parent (dont click **select** yet), rightclick and create a new folder with name _GitHub_ - and then you select _GitHub_ and open it in _VS Code_.

Now you have the possibillity to use the `terminal` to add some node-commands.
```
// npm (If you haven't installed yarn or pnpm)

```




[^1]: There can be many kinds of environments, depending of what programming-language or framework you want to use. To download and install repos from GitHub we need `node`.

<!-- 
Made by lovkyndig 2023.
-->