---
articleType: note
head.title: How to Create Google App?
tags:
  - Overview
---

# How to become a google app developer?
In this tutorial you will learn to create an app and publish it; first as as an homepage, and then on Google Play Store, in less than one week. The tutorial is split in to foure step.


## Install and Setup
The goal on this **first step** is to install the _template_-package on our local machine.

If you are already familiar with GitHub, then you can download this app, install the packages and get a local _copy_ of it on your local machine in 10 minutes.

Is that's the case you can jump to the last step about [article-test1](/article/intro) and [article-test2](/article/intro)

But still, if you have downloaded packages that stands on its own feet, be aware of that this package is also a template. In this tutorial we will try to help people that have no programming skills, therefore we will use the template (then you get better owerview - of the content).

The first step (for non-developers) is to create a GitHub-account:

### GitHub-account
This is not necessary on this point, but it is the best time to do it. So do it and go to the next substep.

### Setup and install
Download or clone the repo. Read more about it in [setup and install](/article/intro)

## Content and config
The goal in this **second step** is to have our own content in markdown-format. Read about it in [content and config](/article/intro)

## GitHub and Vercel
In **this third step** the goal is to push the repo on our local machine out to GitHub and connect it to Vercel. Read about it in [GitHub and Vercel](/article/intro)

## Create and upload app
The goal in **this last step** is to publish an app on `Google App Store`.

If you already are a open-source-programmer and familiar with github and deploying repos on _vercel_, you can skip the step abowe and jump right to this step (as said abowe).

This step have two substep:
1. [Using bubblewrap](/article/intro)
2. [Using Google App Console](/article/intro)

<!-- 
Made by lovkyndig 2023.
-->